doc/md/concepts: add info about dev database being emptied after usage (#1065)
ariga/atlas: doc/md/concepts/dev.md

dev/twin database. For a one-time use Atlas can spin up an ephemeral local docker container for you with a special
[docker driver](concepts/url.mdx).

> :::info

Reviewer: Why here? Put it at the end

> Atlas cleans up after itself! You can use one instance of a "Dev Database" for multiple environments, as long 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Atlas cleans up after itself! You can use the same instance of a "Dev Database" for multiple environments, as long 
```
